README.md, before:

# Election_Analysis

## Project Overview
A Colorado Board of Elections employee has given you the following tasks to complete the election audit of a recent local congressional election.

1. Calculate the the total number of votes cast.
2. Get a complete list of candidates who received votes.
3. Calculate the total number of votes each candidate received.
4. Calculate the percentage of votes each candidate won.
5. Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote.

## Resources
- Data Source: election_results.csv
- Software: Python 3.7, Visual Studio Code, 1.41.1

## Summary
The analysis of the elction shows that:
- There were 369,711 votes castin the election.
- The candidates were:
    -Charles Casper Stockham
    -Diana DeGette
    -Raymon Anthony Doane
- The candidate results were:
    Charles Casper Stockham received 23.0% of the votes and 85,213 number of votes.
    Diana DeGette received 73.8% of the votes and 272,892 number of votes.
    Raymon Anthony Doane received 3.1% of the votes and 11,606 number of votes.
- The winner of the election was:
    Diana DeGette, who received 73.8% of the vote and 272,892 number of votes.
    
## Challenge Overview

## Challenge Summary

Commit message:

Update Read Me with Challenge results

README.md, after:

# Election_Analysis

## Project Overview
A Colorado Board of Elections employee has given you the following tasks to complete the election audit of a recent local congressional election.

1. Calculate the the total number of votes cast.
2. Get a complete list of candidates who received votes.
3. Calculate the total number of votes each candidate received.
4. Calculate the percentage of votes each candidate won.
5. Determine the winner of the election based on popular vote.

## Resources
- Data Source: election_results.csv
- Software: Python 3.7, Visual Studio Code, 1.41.1

## Summary
The analysis of the elction shows that:
- There were 369,711 votes castin the election.
- The candidates were:
    - Charles Casper Stockham
    - Diana DeGette
    - Raymon Anthony Doane
- The candidate results were:
    - Charles Casper Stockham received 23.0% of the votes and 85,213 number of votes.
    - Diana DeGette received 73.8% of the votes and 272,892 number of votes.
    - Raymon Anthony Doane received 3.1% of the votes and 11,606 number of votes.
- The winner of the election was:
    Diana DeGette, who received 73.8% of the vote and 272,892 number of votes.
    
## Challenge Overview
After sharing the election results with the election commision, we were tasked to determine the voter turnout for each county.

## Challenge Summary
The analysis of the voter turnout for each county shows that:
- The counties were:
    - Jefferson
    - Denver
    - Arapahoe
- The county turnout results were:
    - Jefferson county had 10.5% of the votes with 38,855 votes.
    - Denver county had 82.8% of the votes with 306,055 votes.
    - Arapahoe county had 6.7% of the votes with 24,801 votes.
- The county with the most votes was Denver county with 306,855 (82.8%) of the votes.
